Use Calibration workflow for Quickstart guide (#1778)
unitaryfund/mitiq: README.md

```python
import cirq
import numpy as np

from mitiq import Calibrator, MeasurementResult, benchmarks

> def execute(circuit, noise_level=0.001):
>     """Returns measurement statistics from circuit with amplitude damping noise."""
>     circuit = circuit.with_noise(cirq.amplitude_damp(noise_level))
>     result = cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator().run(circuit, repetitions=1000)
>     bitstrings = np.column_stack(list(result.measurements.values()))
>     return MeasurementResult(bitstrings)

Reviewer: This is a simple way to define the expectation value executor (if we need it).

```suggestion
def execute(circuit, noise_level=0.001):
    """Returns measurement results from circuit with amplitude damping noise."""
    circuit = circuit.with_noise(cirq.amplitude_damp(noise_level))
    result = cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator().run(circuit, repetitions=1000)
    bitstrings = np.column_stack(list(result.measurements.values()))
    return MeasurementResult(bitstrings)
    
def get_expval(circuit):
    """Returns the expectation value of |0⟩⟨0|."""
    execute(circuit).prob_distribution()["0"]
```

from mitiq import zne, benchmarks

def execute(circuit, noise_level=0.005):
    """Returns Tr[ρ |0⟩⟨0|] where ρ is the state prepared by the circuit
    with depolarizing noise."""
    noisy_circuit = circuit.with_noise(cirq.depolarize(p=noise_level))
    return (
        cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator()
        .simulate(noisy_circuit)
        .final_density_matrix[0, 0]
        .real
    )

circuit = benchmarks.generate_rb_circuits(n_qubits=1, num_cliffords=50)[0]

true_value = execute(circuit, noise_level=0.0)      # Ideal quantum computer
noisy_value = execute(circuit)                      # Noisy quantum computer
zne_value = zne.execute_with_zne(circuit, execute)  # Noisy quantum computer + Mitiq

print(f"Error w/o  Mitiq: {abs((true_value - noisy_value) / true_value):.3f}")
print(f"Error w Mitiq:    {abs((true_value - zne_value) / true_value):.3f}")
```

Sample output:

```
Error w/o  Mitiq: 0.264
Error w Mitiq:    0.073
```

### Calibration

> Unsure what error mitigation technique or parameters to use?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unsure which error mitigation technique or parameters to use?
```

Try out the calibration module demonstrated below to help find the best parameters for you particular backend!

> <video width="520" height="400" controls>

Reviewer 2: Great to embed the video! Unfortunately I don't see it when I view this version of the readme.

Author: Good catch, I replaced it with an uploaded movie in [513392c](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/pull/1778/commits/513392c697fabf68b4bf77eb8eecf5a133dfa561) which works on github, but not RTD. Using a gif ([48d84d2](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/pull/1778/commits/48d84d2de9c74e49b0489ff24a12e7016011618a)), seems to work for both.
